hey guys today as I mentioned my last
video I'm going to be doing a review and
demo of NARS Penny Lane cream blush
which I showed last time was this is
this color but the light kind of washed
it out last time so that gives you a
better look of it um so this is pretty
much a matte cream blush it doesn't have
any shimmer in it and it's really easy
to work with like it blends really
nicely and I got this about two days ago
and I used it yesterday and it stayed
put on my face all day long without any
fading and it just gives the most
natural pretty healthy glow to your face
and it doesn't look like you're wearing
blush it just looks like you're
naturally flushed so as you can see I
don't have any blush on my face right
now and I'm looking kind of washed out
and dead so i'm going to be showing you
how i put this on and I have a little
mirror over here so I'm just going to be
looking over here so I'm going to take
my middle finger and just rub it in to
the cream blush so I have a bit on my
hand and I'm just going to start from
the apples of my cheeks and work my way
up so as you can see it deposits the
color really nicely I'm going to work it
up towards my temples and take a bit
more and really work it into the apples
of my cheeks I'm going to be putting on
more than I would in real life because
the camera doesn't pick up color as well
as it appears in real life now that's
once I've done really easy I've got to
go on and do the other side so
blending upwards in circular motions
towards my temples and a bit more on the
apples and you don't want to go too
close to the nose otherwise you'll look
a bit clownish so start about here like
an inch away from sides of your nose and
work your way up and that's basically it
I guess what you have to watch out for
with this blush is that your hands are
completely clean before you start
applying otherwise you will end up
getting like the cream blush dirty in
the pen so there you go another look at
the color in the pan and that is the
color on my cheeks
so as you can see it's really really
subtle blush and there are no harsh
lines whatsoever blends like a dream and
it's just a really neutral pink that I
think would be flattering on light to
medium skin tones because if you're
darker it just might not show up on you
that well so overall I give this product
a 10 out of 10 and I'm really tempted to
pick up cactus flower now but just
because um I've read reviews on it and
people say that it's really pretty and
it makes you look really healthy and
flushed and cactus flower is like a
bright watermelon red in the pan is
actually described by NARS as a
shimmering poppy which according to
reviews on makeup ally is quite accurate
but it's a bit coral as well but that
one has some gold glitters in it so um
if you're not a fan of glitters because
sometimes they can make your pores
appear larger or it might make oily skin
look even earlier so if you don't like
that and if you have oily skin that it
might not be for you but I'm really
tempted to pick that out so I might do
that like maybe this weekend if I go
shopping these blushes are nineteen
fifty pounds I believe they're about
twenty-five dollars in the US and
they're totally worth it i think it
comes with Oh point 19 ounces which is
5.5 grams and I think will last you a
long time because you know I've barely
scratched the surface and it should last
like pretty long time um I'm pretty sure
this is probably going to be my most
worn blush this summer just because I'm
in the summertime it's nicer to have a
cream blush rather than a powder blush
because powder can look quite cakey and
I don't know in the summertime you just
want something that's quick and easy and
it looks natural and glowy as well and
that's why on my eyes I'm using a cream
eyeshadow again which is the river one
that I got
over the weekend the color moves
eyeshadow and sassy and it is really the
easiest I shadow to apply it literally
takes about five seconds per eye and you
don't even need to bother blending it
you just like apply it smear on to your
eyelids and the natural looks blended as
you can see because it's a moose a moose
e cream liquidy formula it won't create
those harsh lines so I don't even need
to use like brulee eyeshadow to blend
out or anything and on my list i'm using
this lipstick queen eyeshadow in space
it's one of their big bang um sorry
should I say eyeshadow i met lip gloss
it's one of the big bag lip glosses and
it comes this really cute test you
packaging and it has a doe foot
applicator and it's like this really
like unique brownie purple color it's
shimmering so it's going to I that right
now so warm want one on its own it gives
a sort of purply berry color and it is
buildable this is I second layer
and it's really smooth and not sticky at
all and it fades really nicely like
after it's actually worn off your lips
you're left with a really pretty berry
stain on your lips and worn over a nude
lip glosses is really not lipsticks I
mean it this is really nice as well
because it gives your lips a sort of
like medium purple color so that's
really pretty I might do a demo of this
lip gloss as well like worn over a gosh
darling or something so these are quite
expensive you can get lipstick queen at
Space NK and this lipgloss costed me 20
pounds which was more than the North
cream blush but again it's a really
generous amount I mean it's probably
like at least double the normal lip
gloss size if you compare it to my hand
it's like that long and see if it says
how much it comes with Oh point 37 fluid
ounces which is 11 milliliters which is
like double exactly double this blush so
that should last a long time as well um
and that's all i have for you guys today
i'm probably going to get bored later on
today so i might do another video i'm
not sure what on yet but um yeah have a
great monday everyone bye